
Question: what are the key things you would consider when creating/consuming an API to ensure that it is secure and reliable?

Ans-I will include secure protocol i.e,HTTPS while creating or conjsuming an API.





Theoretical Challenge

 
Suppose you have a CSV file with the data below.
 
A1: 5, A2: 7, A3: 9, B1: 3, B2: 8, B3: =4+5, C1: =5+A1, C2: =A2+B2, C3: =C2+B3
 
This can be represented in an excel sheet:



I want a program that will take the CSV input above and produce CSV output with the results.

If it is a value, then return a value.  If it is a formula then calculate the formula and return the value of that formula.


1.How will you tackle the challenge above?

Ans-To tackle the challenge first of all i will write this programm which reads the CSV file completly line wise and then will

    split each line into cells after evaluating each cell.if cell contains a value then programm will also return value.if cell 

    contains a formula then programm will calculate the formula but for calculating the formula programm have to parse the formula

    string and will resolve cell references or mathematical operators in the formula if the formula get resolved then programm 
 
    executes the formula and return the value of that formula.




2.What type of errors you would you check for?

Ans-I will check for many types of errors like syntactical errors,Division by zero error-which occurs when a formula dividing any 

    number with zero,DataType error-which occurs when we are writing other dattype and the value is different then this error occurs
 
    this are the type of errors i will check for.




3.How might a user break your code?

Ans-If someone makes mistakes when entering information into the CSV file, it can cause problems for the program that uses the file.

    These mistakes can include spelling errors, incorrect formulas, or using numbers that are too big for the program to handle. 

    To avoid these issues, the program should be designed to catch and fix any errors that might come up, so it doesn't break 

    or give out incorrect output.